RND-146: Updated Run Workflow modal documentation (#2541)
cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org: content/working_with/console/widgets/deploymentsView.md

workflow that will be executed on each deployment that matches the current
filter.

> 

Reviewer: Optional: 

Maybe we should also say something about the workflows listing - that only workflows common for all deployments matching the current filter are allowed to use? 🤔

Author: Sure, seems like a nice idea 👍

Author: Adjusted within 6963aaf51124c3bd03f773a8eb4e1a9bbb1c31a6

> After selecting workflow, fields allowing to modify values of the workflow parameters will appear.   
> Fields will be initialized with default values of the workflow parameters.

Reviewer: What do you think about rephrasing it a bit:
```suggestion
After selecting a workflow, user will be able to adjust workflow parameters. Only simple type parameters (<list of supported types goes here>) which are common for deployments matching the current filter are presented. Parameters with default values will have the initial value set.
```
?

Author: Sure, seems like a nice adjustment 🎉

Author: Adjusted within 6963aaf51124c3bd03f773a8eb4e1a9bbb1c31a6
